api/README.md, before:

# GRANDstack Starter - GraphQL API


## Quick Start

Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Start the GraphQL service:

```
npm start
```

This will start the GraphQL service (by default on localhost:4000) where you can issue GraphQL requests or access GraphQL Playground in the browser:

![GraphQL Playground](img/graphql-playground.png)

## Configure

Set your Neo4j connection string and credentials in `.env`. For example:

*.env*

```
NEO4J_URI=bolt://localhost:7687
NEO4J_USER=neo4j
NEO4J_PASSWORD=letmein
AUTH_DIRECTIVES_ROLE_KEY=https://<auth0domain_OR_Custom_Auth_Doamin>/role
JWT_SECRET="-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----<ACTUAL_PUBLIC_KEY_CONTENT_WITH_CRLF>-----END PUBLIC KEY-----"
```

Note that grand-stack-starter does not currently bundle a distribution of Neo4j. You can download [Neo4j Desktop](https://neo4j.com/download/) and run locally for development, spin up a [hosted Neo4j Sandbox instance](https://neo4j.com/download/), run Neo4j in one of the [many cloud options](https://neo4j.com/developer/guide-cloud-deployment/), or [spin up Neo4j in a Docker container](https://neo4j.com/developer/docker/). Just be sure to update the Neo4j connection string and credentials accordingly in `.env`.

## Deployment

You can deploy to any service that hosts Node.js apps, but [Zeit Now](https://zeit.co/now) is a great easy to use service for hosting your app that has an easy to use free plan for small projects. 

To deploy your GraphQL service on Zeit Now, first install [Now Desktop](https://zeit.co/download) - you'll need to provide an email address. Then run

```
now
```

to deploy your GraphQL service on Zeit Now. Once deployed you'll be given a fresh URL that represents the current state of your application where you can access your GraphQL endpoint and GraphQL Playgound. For example: https://grand-stack-starter-api-pqdeodpvok.now.sh/

## Seeding The Database

Optionally you can seed the GraphQL service by executing mutations that will write sample data to the database:

```
npm run seedDb
```

Commit message:

Configration guide for Auth0
Configure Auth0 with GRANDStack - How to guide.

api/README.md, after:

# GRANDstack Starter - GraphQL API


## Quick Start

Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Start the GraphQL service:

```
npm start
```

This will start the GraphQL service (by default on localhost:4000) where you can issue GraphQL requests or access GraphQL Playground in the browser:

![GraphQL Playground](img/graphql-playground.png)

## Configure

Set your Neo4j connection string and credentials in `.env`. For example:

*.env*

```
NEO4J_URI=bolt://localhost:7687
NEO4J_USER=neo4j
NEO4J_PASSWORD=letmein
AUTH_DIRECTIVES_ROLE_KEY=https://<auth0domain_OR_Custom_Auth_Doamin>/role
JWT_SECRET="-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----<ACTUAL_PUBLIC_KEY_CONTENT_WITH_CRLF>-----END PUBLIC KEY-----"
```

Note that grand-stack-starter does not currently bundle a distribution of Neo4j. You can download [Neo4j Desktop](https://neo4j.com/download/) and run locally for development, spin up a [hosted Neo4j Sandbox instance](https://neo4j.com/download/), run Neo4j in one of the [many cloud options](https://neo4j.com/developer/guide-cloud-deployment/), or [spin up Neo4j in a Docker container](https://neo4j.com/developer/docker/). Just be sure to update the Neo4j connection string and credentials accordingly in `.env`.

## Configuring Auth0 for GRANDstack - GraphQL.

Please read this [write-up](auth0-howto.md) for more information on configuring `Auth0` for GRANDStack - GraphQL.


## Deployment

You can deploy to any service that hosts Node.js apps, but [Zeit Now](https://zeit.co/now) is a great easy to use service for hosting your app that has an easy to use free plan for small projects. 

To deploy your GraphQL service on Zeit Now, first install [Now Desktop](https://zeit.co/download) - you'll need to provide an email address. Then run

```
now
```

to deploy your GraphQL service on Zeit Now. Once deployed you'll be given a fresh URL that represents the current state of your application where you can access your GraphQL endpoint and GraphQL Playgound. For example: https://grand-stack-starter-api-pqdeodpvok.now.sh/

## Seeding The Database

Optionally you can seed the GraphQL service by executing mutations that will write sample data to the database:

```
npm run seedDb
```
